You might wake to find you feel like doing something different today. Everyone needs a break from the regular grind and this is a good time to try something totally new. Perhaps you feel like varying your routine, or if this is a day off for you, you might want to go out and spend the day doing whatever strikes your fancy. Try a new look or wardrobe style. This might spice up your life for the day and days to come.Is your soulmate just around the corner? Find out here.

Your love horoscope
There is something blossoming inside you today. The heavy pressure of the past several days has ebbed, and you find yourself able to go about your business with a lighter heart. It would be a good idea to pay more attention to your body. Try to schedule more aerobic exercise and cut down on fats and sugars. Create healthy habits.

Your career horoscope
You will find that you can accomplish quite a bit today with very little effort on your part. If you do put a little extra effort into your work, you can accomplish Herculean feats! Discipline is a key word for you, and somehow your emotions are chiming in beautifully with your mental activity. Let these two parts of your personality join in a productive manner.

Your finance horoscope
Today you will benefit from a power of suggestion even more incredible than usual. It would be very difficult for other people not to be absolutely convinced of everything you say. You know that you have a certain tendency to use this power of yours to attract people's attention. But try not to think about that today. You should use your power to bring people together toward a common goal.

Your wellbeing horoscope
Feel free to get the ball rolling on a project that you have been thinking about for quite some time. There is plenty of start-up energy in the air today that is apt to make you restless until you actually get going on some sort of mission. There is a good balance of yin versus yang within you. Use it to keep yourself at a point of equilibrium at all times. If you find yourself withdrawing inwards too much, you may lose touch with the importance of projecting outwards.

Tomorrow's horoscope
Sometimes we sit down and ask ourselves, "Why me?" You may feel like you ask yourself this question more than anyone else. Your life probably seems like an intense roller-coaster ride that never comes to a stop. Deep down you realize that you would have it no other way. Take a break from it all today if you can. Communicate your thoughts and feelings to others. By talking it out, you will feel much better about the situation at hand.

Here are your free predictions for the week, from February 09 to February 15
Life: You’ll definitely be glad when the weekend swings around, Libra, because this week is going to be tough. Tensions at work will have you feeling tired and could even develop into major conflicts. Keep your head down and focus.

Love: You are in a confused state of mind this week and aren’t really able to express exactly what you feel for your partner. You’ll find it hard to communicate and could even end up taking a step back from your relationship.

Need some great advice? We've got you covered!Here are your free predictions for the month of February
February horoscope: Concentrate on your goals
You’ll give things your all this month and will work as hard as you can to achieve your goals. Keep in mind that when you feel out of your depth, asking for help is a necessary step and will relieve you of some stress.

Monthly love horoscope: Winning combination
Venus will ensure you turn heads in February and will make you super attractive. Your charming nature is adorable and will help you go on to find someone you are strongly compatible with. Passion will invade your life on the 22nd.

Extra insights:
Embrace the sensuality!
